# minisat-wasm
Compile MiniSat to WebAssembly using emscripten.

MiniSat (http://minisat.se) sources are included and patched in order to be compatible with emscripten.

Tested on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (within Windows Subsystem for Linux).

## Prerequisites
* make
* emscripten

Follow the instructions on https://kripken.github.io/emscripten-site/docs/getting_started/downloads.html in order to install emscripten and all of its dependencies.

## Building
Invoke build.sh to build MiniSat with emscripten aswell as a js wrapper.

Run './build.sh demo' to build a demo webpage. You shuld then serve the conents of /demo using a webserver and open the page with your browser.

## Usage
MiniSat is build to the CommonJS module 'minisat'. To invoke MiniSat it's recommended to use the 'MiniSATWrapper' module, since it does some optimization regarding the memory consumtion. (*@TODO* Does it? Is this necessary?)

```js
MiniSATWrapper = require('./MiniSATWrapper.js');

// Tell the wrapper where to find the binary. If you do not tell the wrapper where to look, it will try and load "minisat.wasm" by default.
MiniSATWrapper.setWasmPath("/wasm/minisat.wasm");

// Initialize the wrapper. This will load the binary, compile it and create the needed Memory.
// If this method is not called the first invocation of MiniSATWrapper.run() does call it.
MiniSATWrapper.init();

// let data = ...

// Run MiniSat and print the output to the console.
// "data" should be a string with the contents of a file you would run MiniSat normaly on.
MiniSATWrapper.run(data).then(result=>{
    // the result is an array with two strings.
    // the first string is what MiniSat printed to the console, the second one is the contents of a result file generated by MiniSat
    console.log(result[0]);
    console.log(result[1]);
});

// If MiniSat should be invoked with additional parameters, you can pass them too.
MiniSATWrapper.run(data, ["-pre=once", "-verbosity=1"]).then(result=>{
   console.log(result[0]);
});

```

## Original License(s)
### MiniSat
Copyright (c) 2003-2006, Niklas Een, Niklas Sorensson  
Copyright (c) 2007-2010  Niklas Sorensson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
